so from hospitals and schools to refugee
camps and un shelters nowhere in
Northern Gaza ex is exempt from Israeli
air strikes there were new attacks
across the strip from north to south in
the early hours of Thursday
morning explosion hit near alifa
Hospital aa's largest one of the few
hospitals still operating it's among the
many medical facilities that have been
under near constant
attack
hand to hand combat is increasing
hamas's armed Wing the kasan Brigade
says it's confronting Israeli forces as
they try to advance deeper into the
city all the while tens of thousands of
Palestinians desperate to escape have
fled to Southern Gaza the towns in the
South well they're not safe either
Israel has targeted K unit repeatedly in
recent hours killing at least four
people the UN says More than 70% of
gaza's population has been displaced
since October the
sth Let's cross now to KH unas hanim
Mahmud joins us from there as he has
been all morning so uh hany repeatedly
hit in recent hours kanun tell us
more yes Nick well we in fact we have
moved right here at the entrance of
alour area the central part of the Gaza
Strip is starting from here right on
Salah road the road that is connecting
the northern part with the southern part
and all the surrounding cities and towns
in this area where as you can see behind
me from the camera frame where hundreds
of Palestinians are fleeing Gaza City
and the northern part due to the
intensity of the mass bombardment and
the air strikes and the Raging fighting
going on in Gaza uh City as of the air
strikes they continue to pound the Gaza
Strip from north to south as at early
hours of this morning where the city of
kanun was repeatedly one more time uh
Within These a few weeks this morning
again a residential home was targeted
and destroyed and destroying much of the
surrounding of other homes six people
reported killed right at the spell with
multiple injuries it brought to Naser
hospital to jabalia refugee camp a place
becoming notorious for these air strikes
more than three or four times been the
subject of the Relentless air strike 30
people have been killed in an earlier
air strike so refugee camp in jabalia
and leaving tens other other Moors in in
in serious injuries brought to the
Indonesian Hospital uh but in addition
to these residentials home hospitals
have been a major Target for Israeli air
strikes a shifa hospital the Indonesian
Hospital another hospital as well
repeatedly been targeted uh by either
destroying the surrounding area and all
the infrastructure and the roads leading
to these Hospital making it difficult
for evacuees and and for ambulance to
move in that area freely the air strikes
continue and the tragedies keep
unfolding those hundreds of people are
fleeing Gaza and the northern part as
they were given a window from 10:00 a.m.
to 3:00 p.m. to leave Gaza and the
northern part these people are walking a
long distance just to get to this area
where they will be able to get to the
southern part the problem is as we spoke
with some of these people who are
evacuating Gaza and the northern part
saying we are running it from Death to
another death waiting for us in the
Southern Park as they had relatives who
were killed in the past few weeks in
kanun and the City of Raa well in the
northern part of Gaza there are reports
of hand to-and combat what are you
hearing yes well there are reports about
a a fierce confrontation taking place
right now in Gaza City as Israel
announced yesterday that it's a so it's
the troops and tanks and armed vehicles
have pushed deeper into the heart of
Gaza City but we heard about
confrontations and house to house
fighting and Street to Street Fighting
by Hamas militants on the ground trying
to push back those tanks and and armored
vehicles we we learned uh that the
Israeli military have uh entered the
have squeezed Gaza from three main axes
from the North and the Eastern side and
the southern part in an attempt to force
the many uh Palestinian in Gaza to leave
it uh the problem is uh people are
leaving these areas under heavy air
strikes and bombardment uh and this is
what's what's going on now uh we we know
that Israeli military uh mention that
they are squeezing Gaza because they
have
identified tunnels and and areas that
are used by Hamas and there was a a
statement about discovering a stronghold
for Hamas in jabalia that's been taken
over by the Israeli military but again
this all happening under massive air
strikes that's the very latest from the
Gaza stripper hany mmud and car Nunes
thank you